Add subprocesses to the config file (#43)
yozhgoor/cargo-temp: README.md

The `--vcs` value will be passed as is to cargo.

### Subprocesses

You can spawn subprocess along your temporary shell like this:

```toml
[[subprocess]]

> command = "xterm -e cargo-watch -x run"

Reviewer: Show the example with alacritty instead as it is a popular Rust project

foreground = false
```

The `command` field is a shell command like `echo Hello`.

> The `foreground` allows to run the program in foreground instead of background.

Author: ```suggestion
The `foreground` field allows to run the program in foreground instead of background.
```

#### Additional settings

> * `working_dir` override the default working directory. The default is the
> temporary directory.

Author: ```suggestion
* `working_dir` override the default working directory. which is the temporary directory.
```

Reviewer: overrideS*

* `keep_on_exit` is used to know if the process will be killed when exiting the
  shell or not. The default will be false and this setting doesn't work with
  foreground process.

> * `stdout` enable or disable stdout..

Author: ```suggestion
* `stdout` enable or disable stdout.
```

Reviewer: "allows enabling or disabling"

* `stderr` enable or disable stderr.

For the `stdout` and `stderr` settings, the default will be disabled when the
subprocess is in the background and inherit when the subprocess is in

> foreground.

Author: ```suggestion
foreground.  Note that stdin is disabled  by default.
```

```

The `command` field is a shell command like `echo Hello`.
The `foreground` field allows to run the program in foreground instead of
background.

#### Additional settings

* `working_dir` overrides the default working directory. The default is to use
  the temporary directory that has been created.
* `keep_on_exit` is used to keep the process alive after exiting the shell.
  The default is to kill the process when the shell exits. This setting doesn't
  work with foreground process.

##### Platform specific

Unix:
* `stdout` and `stderr` settings allows enabling or disabling. With a background
  process, the default will be false, with a foreground process, the default
  will be true. The `stdin` setting doesn't exist since it's always disabled.

Windows:
* `inherit_handles` allows handles inheritance - If this parameter is true, each
  inheritable handle in the calling process is inherited by the new process. If
  the parameter is false, the handles are not inherited
  (see [CreateProcessW][CreateProcessW]).

#### Examples

* Unix:
    ```toml
    [[subprocess]]
    command = "alacritty -e cargo watch -x run"
    foreground = false

    [[subprocess]]
    command = "firefox"

>     foreground = true

Reviewer: makes no sense to have that foreground

    ```
* Windows
    ```toml
    [[subprocess]]
    command = "cargo.exe watch -x run"
    foreground = false

    [[subprocess]]
    command = "firefox.exe"

>     foreground = true

Reviewer: makes no sense to have that foreground

The `--vcs` value will be passed as is to cargo.

### Subprocesses

You can spawn subprocess along your temporary shell like this:

```toml
[[subprocess]]
command = "alacritty -e cargo-watch -x run"
foreground = false
```

The `command` field is a shell command like `echo Hello`.
The `foreground` field allows to run the program in foreground instead of
background.

#### Additional settings

> * `working_dir` overrides the default working directory which is the temporary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `working_dir` overrides the default working directory.
  The default is to use the temporary directory that has been created.
```

  directory.

> * `keep_on_exit` is used to know if the process will be killed when exiting the
>   shell or not. The default will be false and this setting doesn't work with
>   foreground process.

Reviewer: Invalid use of "and" here. There must be a relation between the elements to use "and" like that.

```suggestion
* `keep_on_exit` is used to keep the process alive after exiting the
  shell. The default is to kill the process when the shell exits.
  This setting doesn't work with foreground process.
```

### Subprocesses

You can spawn subprocess along your temporary shell like this:

```toml
[[subprocess]]
command = "alacritty -e cargo-watch -x run"
foreground = false
```

The `command` field is a shell command like `echo Hello`.
The `foreground` field allows to run the program in foreground instead of
background.

#### Additional settings

* `working_dir` overrides the default working directory. The default is to use
  the temporary directory that has been created.
* `keep_on_exit` is used to keep the process alive after exiting the shell.
  The default is to kill the process when the shell exits. This setting doesn't
  work with foreground process.

##### Platform specific

Unix:
* `stdout` and `stderr` settings allows enabling or disabling. With a background
  process, the default will be false, with a foreground process, the default
  will be true. The `stdin` setting doesn't exist since it's always disabled.

Windows:
* `inherit_handles` allows handles inheritance - If this parameter is true, each
  inheritable handle in the calling process is inherited by the new process. If
  the parameter is false, the handles are not inherited
  (see [CreateProcessW][CreateProcessW]).

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Examples
```

* Unix:
    ```toml
    [[subprocess]]
    command = "alacritty -e cargo watch -x run"

>     working_dir = "home/<user>/repos/<repo_name>"

Reviewer: probably not relevant to set the working_dir...

    foreground = false

    [[subprocess]]
    command = "firefox"
    foreground = true
    ```
* Windows
    ```toml
    [[subprocess]]
    command = "cargo.exe watch -x run"

>     working_dir = "C:\\User\\<user>\\repos\\<repo_name>"

Reviewer: same, can be remove I think
